fix errors and add how to publish ts package (#39)
EasyScriptJS/EasyScript: README.md

<p align="center">

>   <img src="https://images.easyscript.dev/banner.png" />

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  <img src="https://images.easyscript.dev/banner.png">
```

</p>

<p align="center">

>   <img alt="Lastest Release" src="https://img.shields.io/github/v/release/easyscriptjs/easyscript?style=for-the-badge" />

Reviewer: Please keep original one.

>   <img alt="Status" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/status-active-success.svg?style=for-the-badge" />

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
Not needed.

>   <img alt="GitHub Issues" src="https://img.shields.io/github/issues/EasyScriptJS/EasyScript.svg?style=for-the-badge" />

Reviewer: Please keep original Issues badge.

>   <img alt="Pull Requests" src="https://img.shields.io/github/issues-pr/EasyScriptJS/EasyScript.svg?style=for-the-badge" />

Reviewer: Please keep the original PRs badge.

>   <img alt="License" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/license-%20Creative%20Commons-blue?style=for-the-badge" />

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

</p>

---

> # 🔻 Easy Script.js<a name = "about"></a>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# 📄 Easy Script
```

Easy Script is a npm package which makes coding in JavaScript easy!

> <br />

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<br>
```

## 📝 Table of Contents

- [About](#about)
- [Getting Started](#getting_started)
- [Built Using](#built_using)
- [Authors](#authors)

> <br />

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<br>
```

> ## 🏁 Getting Started <a name = "getting_started"></a>

Reviewer: Please remove

These instructions will get yuo ready for using easyscript. See [docs](https://docs.easyscript.dev) on how to use this package to make your work faster.

<br />

> ## 🖥️ How to install ?

Reviewer: Please remove this section

Requires Node.js version `16+` and npm version `8+`.
(Use any one method)

```
npm install easyscriptjs
```

```
yarn add easyscriptjs
```

```
pnpm add easyscriptjs
```

Create a new file called index.js and type this:

```js
const { print } = require("easyscriptjs");

print("Hello World");
```

Save the file, and run `node index.js` in the terminal. The output should be this:

```bash
$> Hello World
```

See [docs](https://docs.easyscript.dev) on how to use this package's functions and make your work faster.

<br />

> ## 🤔 But Why ?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## 🤔 Why?
```

- Easier yet Flexible.
- Beginner Friendly
- Open **[Source project](https://github.com/EasyScriptJS/EasyScript)** !
- Simple & Understandable **[Documentation](https://docs.easyscript.dev)**

<br />

## ⛏️ Built Using <a name = "built_using"></a>

> - [Chalk](https://www.mongodb.com/) - Terminal string styling done right

Reviewer: I think you're using the wrong URL here...

Author: ya
ima fix it

> - [Typescript](https://www.typescriptlang.org) - Programming Language

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [TypeScript](https://www.typescriptlang.org) - Programming Language
```

> - [NodeJS](https://nodejs.org/en/) - Server Environment

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Node.js](https://nodejs.org) - Server Environment
```

> <br />

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<br>
```

## ✍️ Authors <a name = "authors"></a>

- [@WilliamDavidHarrison](https://github.com/WilliamDavidHarrison) - Idea & Initial work

> - [@avalynndev](https://github.com/avalynndev) - converting to typescript, documentation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [@avalynndev](https://github.com/avalynndev) - Docs Team
```

> See also the list of [contributors](https://github.com/EasyScriptJS/EasyScript/contributors) who participated in this project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See also the list of [contributors](https://github.com/EasyScriptJS/EasyScript/contributors) who have helped build this project.
```
